# Quotes-from-Zhao
This is a quote from Professor zhao of TJU 
Do you want to know the true face of Professor Zhao of TJU ?
"Has published 59 academic papers, including Acc. Chem. Res., J. Am. Chem. Soc., ChemSusChem, Nanoscale, J. Phys. Chem. A / B / C / L, etc .; among them, 20 are the first author's papers Corresponding authors have 29 papers. Published papers have been cited by Nature, Chem. Soc. Rev., J. Am. Chem. Soc., Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. And other publications 4131 times, 13 of which have been cited more than 100 times, and a single article has been cited a maximum of 566 times. ; 7 are ESI highly cited papers; H index is 30. 7 invention patents have been applied for and 1 has been authorized. In addition, as the first author, he also wrote 3 chapters of English academic monographs and 1 Accounts of Chemical Research review paper on the study of excited state hydrogen bonds. The review paper was rated as "2012 China's Top 100 Most Influential International Academic Papers" ". Editor-in-chief of a special issue of the Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics of the Royal Society of Chemistry for the study of electronically excited hydrogen bonds, and was selected as "Editor's Choice" by the editorial department; he was also invited by John Wiley & Sons to edit and edit an excited hydrogen The English monograph "Hydrogen Bonding and Transfer in the Excited State" in the field of key research; recently invited to edit the English monograph "Hydrogen Bonding Research in Photochemistry, Photobiology, and Optoelectronic Materials" by the World Science Press. The research work was supported by the National Outstanding Youth Science Fund and other projects in 2014, and some of the results won the first prize of science and technology in Liaoning Province in 2015." [from](http://science.tju.edu.cn/szdw/hxx/201809/t20180918_309198.htm)
